# What is Canon Vibes? 
You ever have your moments where you get hooked onto a fictional fandom or character, say like a  superhero character, and it takes over your entire life? Occupies your mind 24/7? If you know, you know. It's like this hyperfixation of creating curated Spotify playlists, creating Pinterest moods aesthetic mood boards, or even branching off into fanfic like A03 or Wattpad surrounding that particular fannfom or character. Why not bring those unique things together and create a web application for it? Canon Vibes is the place for that. 

**Why not build an application for people like me that has this special music playlist for a character or story they love and wish a place where that creative connection can live visually?** It will live as a form of a **Soundtrack Card**.

Instead of moving across separate apps like Spotify, notes app, or Pinterest to capture the essence, aesthetics, and mood of a character that is occupying your mind day and night, the Soundtrack Card is where all of it can live altogether in one place. The card itself is supposed to act as a sort of visual storytelling display for a character's story, era, or arc from either a movie, show, comic, or game that you can associate with a fanfic with little personal notes and mood board images alongside a playlist you specifically curate for said character. You can even leave little tags to convey what the card is about, and a personal review of the medium the character is from. All of that in a single place that can re-tell everything from the moment it was created.
